to spend months the other is that one more
in white I bring you another challenge more I think
that is the number 23 challenge that they have
I'm counting them but if 15 that the
challenge of now is to take it out to like without
stop pointing I can bring the weapon that
wants something the couple who wants the goal of
this muffler the game mode that
want nothing else the only thing you need is
take out the stands without stopping to point
as you see here I bring the caixa that since
I think that no challenge has been placed on me
jail they almost always put primaries
I say almost always put primary
they always put sniper and secondaries
they always put me on a diet kirchner or the
click other shots almost never put me
the primary weapons and then this one I decided
make this this challenge since it was very weird
I have never made a challenge without stopping
aiming at once felt half-sucker
because all the time I was stinging leele
sometimes this one when the
scores tricks or when loading then
I stopped pointing but that's part of the
game I could not keep pointing
while nomadic heads but they continue
I know that I decided to grab this one since I do not
in
no one has put me is something of
stop pointing in general because I'm going to
I'm going to start even if it's because of the challenges
but that they are different what always
they put me nuclear and their nuclear weapon and
are very clear are most of the
comments are pure trans pure fans
staff and put in antwerp or as you
want to call always there I am
several people have told me that I was
half boring that more than pure
swarm that's why here right now
I bring the click the ter too
they try to put me challenges how to get
the bulls take vítolo by dogs or
things so simple or whatever but a
little difficult is what I put in common
like saving them here at pure tomás
that swan but then put me like
assists you will not see yourselves
I say this also told ago
like three previous videos back this one them
I said I was doing the special
thousand create subscribers and right now yesterday
I was finishing what I already saw
we have 1600 subscribers now that it's going to
have to do another one again I have it
that accommodate another thing that no longer us
they spend like four or five days already
we have
subscribers this is thanks because
He never says I do not do it in a joke
we can grab so subscribers
I think we got almost 8 subscribers
a day but the pinches likes and continue
just like if we always have between 20 and
30 likes pressures here the challenge fulfilled
since the loser while still aiming
this leave me madrid are the comments
this also yesterday did not go up because as
it was exam day it's already the finals
from school this just on Friday
started in the finals and then the
Tuesday I have to go again to exams
on Wednesdays already exams and leave
vacation but then just let me
the comments that they want to see well in
reality to tomorrow a challenge they want
what do you do or whatever and just tell me
in the comments if they were not in
thanks